Lazydocs: API Reference doc refresh (#1424)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/integrations/lightning.md

## Log the min/max of a metric

> Using wandb's [`define_metric`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#define_metric" >}}) function you can define whether you'd like your W&B summary metric to display the min, max, mean or best value for that metric. If `define`_`metric` _ isn't used, then the last value logged with appear in your summary metrics. See the `define_metric` [reference docs here]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#define_metric" >}}) and the [guide here]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/log/customize-logging-axes" >}}) for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`define_metric`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#define_metric" >}}) function to configure whether your W&B summary metric displays the min, max, mean or best value for that metric. If you don't specify `define_metric`, the last value logged appears in your summary metrics. See the  [`define_metric` reference]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#define_metric" >}}) and [Customize logging axes]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/log/customize-logging-axes" >}}) for details.
```
I try to avoid possessives like this. If it must be "wandb's", I think it should be marked up in code font.
